src/algebra/ordered_ring.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/analysis/convex/caratheodory.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/analysis/normed_space/bounded_linear_maps.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/analysis/specific_limits.lean : line 214 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/adjunction/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/adjunction/fully_faithful.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/adjunction/limits.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/category/Kleisli.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/const.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/core.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/currying.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/discrete_category.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/endomorphism.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/epi_mono.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/eq_to_hom.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/full_subcategory.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/fully_faithful.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/functor.lean : line 18 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/functor_category.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/groupoid.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/cones.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 329 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/category_theory/limits/creates.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/functor_category.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/lattice.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/opposites.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/finite_products.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/shapes/products.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/limits/types.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monad/adjunction.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monad/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/monad/limits.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/natural_transformation.lean : line 16 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/opposites.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/products/associator.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/products/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/products/bifunctor.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/punit.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/reflects_isomorphisms.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/simple.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/sums/associator.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/sums/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/category_theory/whiskering.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/computability/partrec_code.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/applicative.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/bifunctor.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/functor/multivariate.lean : line 172 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/functor/multivariate.lean : line 177 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/functor/multivariate.lean : line 178 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/monad/cont.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/monad/writer.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/control/traversable/derive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/equiv.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/instances.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/control/traversable/lemmas.lean : line 18 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/analysis/filter.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/analysis/topology.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/array/lemmas.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/bitvec/basic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/buffer/basic.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/char.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/complex/exponential.lean : line 1255 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/dlist/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/dlist/instances.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/equiv/denumerable.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/equiv/encodable/basic.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/equiv/list.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/equiv/nat.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/erased.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/fin2.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/fintype/basic.lean : line 16 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/fintype/sort.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/basic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/cast.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/modeq.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/parity.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/range.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/int/sqrt.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/bag_inter.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/chain.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/erase_dup.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/forall2.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/func.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/indexes.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/intervals.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/nat_antidiagonal.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/of_fn.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/pairwise.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/palindrome.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/range.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/rotate.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/sections.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/sigma.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/tfae.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/list/zip.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/matrix/pequiv.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/mllist.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/multiset/range.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/mv_polynomial/variables.lean : line 628 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/basic.lean : line 886 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/cast.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/dist.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/gcd.lean : line 200 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/gcd.lean : line 54 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/modeq.lean : line 214 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/modeq.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/multiplicity.lean : line 143 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/multiplicity.lean : line 144 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/multiplicity.lean : line 165 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/pairing.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/parity.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/nat/totient.lean : line 61 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/totient.lean : line 71 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/nat/totient.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/option/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/option/defs.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 166 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 170 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 171 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 181 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 230 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 257 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 259 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 277 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 278 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 282 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 291 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 298 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 300 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 354 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 378 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 383 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 391 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 395 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 413 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/hensel.lean : line 433 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_norm.lean : line 369 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/padics/padic_norm.lean : line 403 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pequiv.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pfun.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pfunctor/multivariate/M.lean : line 43 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pfunctor/multivariate/W.lean : line 42 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pnat/factors.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pnat/intervals.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pnat/xgcd.lean : line 25 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/pnat/xgcd.lean : line 327 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/pnat/xgcd.lean : line 328 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/polynomial/iterated_deriv.lean : line 199 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/basic.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/qpf/multivariate/basic.lean : line 74 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/cofix.lean : line 38 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/fix.lean : line 48 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/qpf/multivariate/constructions/fix.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/qpf/univariate/basic.lean : line 35 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/rat/denumerable.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/real/basic.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/real/cau_seq_completion.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/rel.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/semiquot.lean : line 15 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/computation.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/parallel.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/seq.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/seq/wseq.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/set/basic.lean : line 2349 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/basic.lean : line 887 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/set/disjointed.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/set/enumerate.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/set/lattice.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/sigma/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/string/basic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/string/defs.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/subtype.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/sym2.lean : line 173 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/data/sym2.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/ulift.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/data/zsqrtd/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/subfield.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/subgroup.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/deprecated/subring.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/field_theory/splitting_field.lean : line 16 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 189 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 391 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 501 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 517 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/basic.lean : line 865 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 544 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 840 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 845 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/circumcenter.lean : line 849 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/euclidean/monge_point.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/euclidean/triangle.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/manifold/algebra/monoid.lean : line 107 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/algebra/monoid.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/manifold/algebra/structures.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 190 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 205 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 219 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 391 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 41 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 421 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/basic_smooth_bundle.lean : line 563 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 520 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 522 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 525 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 573 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 845 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/charted_space.lean : line 890 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/instances/real.lean : line 18 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/instances/real.lean : line 303 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/instances/real.lean : line 79 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/local_invariant_properties.lean : line 211 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/local_invariant_properties.lean : line 216 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/local_invariant_properties.lean : line 388 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/local_invariant_properties.lean : line 433 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 1030 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 1410 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 1670 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 244 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 277 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 334 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 345 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 381 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 441 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 508 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 607 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/geometry/manifold/times_cont_mdiff.lean : line 633 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/logic/function/basic.lean : line 378 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/logic/function/basic.lean : line 567 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/logic/function/basic.lean : line 607 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/logic/relation.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/logic/relator.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/measure_theory/decomposition.lean : line 14 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 115 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 12 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 281 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 296 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 303 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 438 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 448 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 488 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 77 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/coinductive_predicates.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/meta/expr.lean : line 465 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/expr.lean : line 720 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/expr.lean : line 755 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/expr.lean : line 976 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/expr_lens.lean : line 130 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/meta/rb_map.lean : line 14 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/boolean_algebra.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 15 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 227 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 231 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 235 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/bounded_lattice.lean : line 239 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/complete_boolean_algebra.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/complete_lattice.lean : line 202 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/complete_lattice.lean : line 205 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/conditionally_complete_lattice.lean : line 526 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/conditionally_complete_lattice.lean : line 748 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/conditionally_complete_lattice.lean : line 760 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/conditionally_complete_lattice.lean : line 891 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/directed.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/filter/extr.lean : line 309 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/extr.lean : line 66 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/lift.lean : line 150 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/lift.lean : line 255 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/lift.lean : line 270 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/lift.lean : line 336 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/filter/partial.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/fixed_points.lean : line 203 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/fixed_points.lean : line 207 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 162 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 171 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 338 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 344 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 348 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 358 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 368 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 369 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 422 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 504 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 510 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 514 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 524 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/galois_connection.lean : line 534 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/lexicographic.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/lexicographic.lean : line 169 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/lexicographic.lean : line 172 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/lexicographic.lean : line 70 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 51 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/ord_continuous.lean : line 248 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/order_iso_nat.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/pilex.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/pilex.lean : line 92 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/preorder_hom.lean : line 124 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/preorder_hom.lean : line 131 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/rel_iso.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/zorn.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/order/zorn.lean : line 121 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/zorn.lean : line 255 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/zorn.lean : line 261 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/order/zorn.lean : line 47 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 1156 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 1160 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 136 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 498 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/cardinal.lean : line 986 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/game/impartial.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/set_theory/game/nim.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/game/nim.lean : line 86 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/game/nim.lean : line 91 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/game/nim.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/lists.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/set_theory/ordinal_arithmetic.lean : line 1271 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/ordinal_arithmetic.lean : line 1578 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/ordinal_arithmetic.lean : line 756 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/schroeder_bernstein.lean : line 103 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/schroeder_bernstein.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/set_theory/surreal.lean : line 366 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/set_theory/zfc.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/system/random/basic.lean : line 130 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/system/random/basic.lean : line 287 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/system/random/basic.lean : line 290 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/abel.lean : line 276 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/algebra.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/apply_fun.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/auto_cases.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/cache.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 13 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 32 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/chain.lean : line 87 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/binders.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/binders.lean : line 31 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/interactive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/converter/interactive.lean : line 53 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/old_conv.lean : line 272 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/converter/old_conv.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/core.lean : line 17 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/core.lean : line 2147 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/core.lean : line 2308 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 67 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 75 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/delta_instance.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/elide.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 174 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 223 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 260 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 42 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/equiv_rw.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/ext.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/fin_cases.lean : line 120 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/fin_cases.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/find.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/find_unused.lean : line 44 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/finish.lean : line 315 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/finish.lean : line 402 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/generalizes.lean : line 118 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/group.lean : line 36 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/hint.lean : line 57 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/hint.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/induction.lean : line 1252 : ERR_RNT : Reserved notation outside tactic.reserved_notation
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 1057 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 379 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 643 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 846 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 173 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 177 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 185 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 186 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 232 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 242 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 368 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 413 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 439 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 444 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interactive_expr.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interval_cases.lean : line 246 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/interval_cases.lean : line 32 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/lean_core_docs.lean : line 733 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lean_core_docs.lean : line 766 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lift.lean : line 78 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/elimination.lean : line 121 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 156 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 251 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 257 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 259 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/frontend.lean : line 260 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 22 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 23 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 26 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 27 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 31 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 34 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 37 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 74 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/lemmas.lean : line 79 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/parsing.lean : line 19 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 223 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 254 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 255 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/linarith/preprocessing.lean : line 300 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 38 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 42 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 44 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/default.lean : line 46 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/frontend.lean : line 153 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/misc.lean : line 78 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/simp.lean : line 116 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/simp.lean : line 123 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 148 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 186 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 192 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 195 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/lint/type_classes.lean : line 277 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/local_cache.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 191 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 466 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 468 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/interactive.lean : line 489 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/monotonicity/lemmas.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/noncomm_ring.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/norm_cast.lean : line 561 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/norm_cast.lean : line 757 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/basic.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/congr.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/default.lean : line 110 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/nth_rewrite/default.lean : line 113 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/omega/clause.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/coeffs.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/eq_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/find_ees.lean : line 152 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/omega/find_ees.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/find_scalars.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/dnf.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/form.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/int/preterm.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/lin_comb.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/misc.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/dnf.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/dnf.lean : line 76 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/omega/nat/form.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/main.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/main.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/omega/nat/neg_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/preterm.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/nat/sub_elim.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/prove_unsats.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/omega/term.lean : line 7 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 183 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 184 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 186 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/push_neg.lean : line 187 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/restate_axiom.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/rewrite.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/rewrite_all/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/ring.lean : line 521 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/ring.lean : line 627 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/ring2.lean : line 482 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/ring_exp.lean : line 1549 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/show_term.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/simp_result.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/simp_rw.lean : line 44 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/simpa.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/simps.lean : line 430 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/simps.lean : line 464 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slice.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 186 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 188 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 189 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 196 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 197 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 198 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 199 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 203 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/slim_check.lean : line 205 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/solve_by_elim.lean : line 161 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/solve_by_elim.lean : line 175 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/solve_by_elim.lean : line 99 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/split_ifs.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/split_ifs.lean : line 56 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 215 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/squeeze.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/subtype_instance.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tauto.lean : line 35 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/tauto.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tfae.lean : line 13 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tidy.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/tidy.lean : line 45 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 101 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 111 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 112 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 113 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transfer.lean : line 6 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 32 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 43 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/transform_decl.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/transport.lean : line 44 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/trunc_cases.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 181 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 198 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 218 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 95 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/tactic/wlog.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 144 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/gen.lean : line 83 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 273 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 372 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 373 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 487 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 490 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 493 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 504 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 521 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 531 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 538 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 541 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 558 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 560 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 591 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 596 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 601 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 606 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/testing/slim_check/testable.lean : line 741 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/algebra/floor_ring.lean : line 12 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/group_completion.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/open_subgroup.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/ring.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/uniform_ring.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/algebra/uniform_ring.lean : line 148 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/bases.lean : line 10 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/basic.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/category/Top/open_nhds.lean : line 9 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/homeomorph.lean : line 8 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/instances/real.lean : line 136 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/local_homeomorph.lean : line 537 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/local_homeomorph.lean : line 548 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/basic.lean : line 16 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/metric_space/gromov_hausdorff.lean : line 61 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/isometry.lean : line 381 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/metric_space/premetric_space.lean : line 82 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/omega_complete_partial_order.lean : line 85 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/separation.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/sheaves/forget.lean : line 147 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 106 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 40 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 57 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 58 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 94 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf.lean : line 97 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/presheaf_of_functions.lean : line 80 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf.lean : line 89 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf.lean : line 91 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/equalizer_products.lean : line 230 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_condition/equalizer_products.lean : line 231 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/sheaf_of_functions.lean : line 168 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/stalks.lean : line 11 : ERR_MOD : Module docstring missing, or too late
src/topology/sheaves/stalks.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/sheaves/stalks.lean : line 133 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/subset_properties.lean : line 1055 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/tactic.lean : line 84 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/absolute_value.lean : line 71 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/compact_separated.lean : line 128 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 305 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 315 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 421 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/separation.lean : line 423 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/uniform_convergence.lean : line 320 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/uniform_embedding.lean : line 339 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/uniform_embedding.lean : line 384 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
src/topology/uniform_space/uniform_embedding.lean : line 391 : ERR_LIN : Line has more than 100 characters
